# Portfolio
This is my portfolio. I specialize in a generalized spectrum of games programming and design.
This repository was built to showcase my programming skills, among technical skills, as well as design, art and modeling skills.

# Legend of Robots
As a developer of Legend of Robots, my role there is to build models using Roblox Studio, which can be then rigged and animated into playable robots. Some of these models also involved utilizing blender to create customized parts. While I was working under them, I've built a total of 21 completed upgrade lines of robots, totaling up to 93 models, with 4 extras from incomplete lines! I've included all of the model previews that have been made public, as well as an example of a model set I've built before I became a developer for that team. Their official discord can be found in the following link: https://discord.gg/g9fUcEV
I also manage an official wiki for this unreleased game through this link: https://legend-of-robots.fandom.com/wiki/The_Legend_of_Robots_Wiki

# Monster Shooter
One of the games I've created as part of a games programming certificate by AIE includes Monster Shooter. Unfortunately, I've lost the project file, and I cannot include the build itself on this portfolio due to a copyright oversight in terms of music. If you still would like to see the build, please let me know and I can share it discreetly. I have however included some screenshots of the gameplay. The build features two levels, each with waves of hostile enemies to shoot and pummel down, as well as a boss to take down. Both bosses come with some gimmicks for unique ways to take them down. The first one is susceptible to dizziness when preparing big laser attacks, and the second one can be critically damaged by their own spike balls. The game also comes with an assortment of achievements linked to defeating enemies and bosses, as well as discovering their secret weaknesses. Gameplay can be tedious and punishing due to balancing and lack of checkpoints, and a few rare bugs may arise from unity's physics engine.

# BashBit
One of the games I've created as part of a games design certificate by AIE includes BashBit. I've included all of the documentation that was involved in designing and creating this build, as well as the project files and the final build. There are fortunately not many bugs in this instance, only a few cases of getting stuck on the ground and not easily being able to jump again. There is also a secret that has been included that references the previous project and what would have been included if there was more time.

# Space Slammers
One of the games I've developed as part of my studies at Swinburne university included Space Slammers. Unfortunately, the repository itself is private, however I've included the project files, as well as the final build itself, along with some documentation made during the process and some screenshots recorded of gameplay. Most of what I've contributed to this game includes programming the weapons selection, firing, enemy behaviour, boss behaviour, lives, wave behaviour, ???, as well as implementing some quick programmers art to substitute the main artist's lack of availability during the final, critical days.

# Arcade Capture
One of the two Capstones I've worked on as part of my final studies at Swinburne university included Arcade Capture. I've included here the documentation done by the team, as well as the latest build of the game which can be downloaded and played. The link to the repository can be found here: https://github.com/uzmanshafi/GAM30002-SWE40001-Arcade-Capture. All of my contributions were done under the name of GlitchyRobot, and I specialized in most of the pixel art present in the build, including the map, arcade machines, enemies, as well as special effects. I've also contributed with generating sounds using chiptone, and also helped occasionally with programming when there wasn't enough time for the programmers implement a specific fix.

# House Hunting
One of the two Capstones I've worked on as part of my final studies at Swinburne university included House Hunting. I've included here the documentation done by the team, as well as the latest build of the game which can be downloaded and played. The link to the repository can be found here: https://github.com/GhostEntity12/HouseHunting. All of my contributions were done under the name of GlitchyRobot, and I specialized in programming the majority of the furniture's AI. I've communicated and collaborated a lot with my team members to ensure that I'm always updated.
